Add a note about BYOL being IBU only and requires 6.3.0-R1 on conductor (#804)
128technology/docs: docs/intro_installation_byol_azure_conductor.md

* Deploying a [Session Smart Conductor](#session-smart-conductor-deployment).
* Deploying the [Session Smart Conductor-managed Router](#session-smart-conductor-managed-router-deployment).

:::note

> BYOL instances only supports Image Based installation and requires conductor to run 6.3.0-R1 or newer in order to manage these instances.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
BYOL instances only support image-based installations, and require the conductor to run 6.3.0-R1 or newer in order to manage these instances.
```
